1. Left to right outputs are easier to evaluate. Please go back to that direction like model 0.3

2. One thing I found is that the word دو is truly recognized as a number, but the wrong transliteration is chosen from the dataset. The correct form is /do/

3. For collisions, if the PoS tagging doesn't help, please use the transliteration with the higher frequency. For example, the word اعلام is a collision, but both pronunciations are for nouns. So, the PoS tagging can't help us. In this case, we should go with /'e'lAm/ which is the one with a higher frequency.

4. When breaking down verbs to their roots using lemmatizer function, we get two outputs. ONLY ONE of them exists in the verb we have broken down. So, we only use that one. Then, we look to see which affixes were omitted from the verb when we broke it down, and we search for them in the Affixes table and add their transliteration to the root of the verb in proper positions, ie. prefixes get added to the beginning of the word and suffixes, to its end.

5. For nouns that aren't found in the dataset, we need to use the stemmer function to get roots of the nouns. Then, much like with verbs, we should look and see which affixes were omitted from the word, find them in the Affixes table, and put them in proper positions.

6. For verbs that contain underscores after being lemmatized, we need to look for the parts separately. So, for خواهند كرد, you get the output خواهند_كرد from the lemmatizer. Now, if we look up خواهند and كرد in the dataset separately, we find the latter one and use it directly (it's a collision, but since we know it's a verb, we use the proper one which is /kard/), and for خواهند, we can lemmatize it again. The output will be خواست#خواه. Since we have خواه in the verb, we look it up in the dataset and use the transliteration /xAh/. Then we see that ند has been omitted from the verb, so we look it up in the Affixes table, and add that (/and/) to the end of the verb root so the whole word will be /xAhand/ which is the concatenation of the two in proper order.